You’re a smart cookie.
You have impeccable manners.
I like your style.
I appreciate you.
You are the most perfect you there is.
Our system of inside jokes is so advanced that only you and I get it. And I like that.
You’re strong.
Your perspective is refreshing.
You’re an awesome friend.
You light up the room.
You should be proud of yourself.
You’re more helpful than you realize.
You have a great sense of humor.
You’ve got all the right moves!
Your kindness is a balm to all who encounter it.
You are brave.
You have the courage of your convictions.
Aside from food. You’re my favorite.
You are making a difference.
You’re like sunshine on a rainy day.
You bring out the best in other people.
Your ability to recall random factoids at just the right time is impressive.
You’re a great listener.
That color is perfect on you.
Hanging out with you is always a blast.
You may dance like no one’s watching, but everyone’s watching because you’re an amazing dancer!
Being around you makes everything better!
When you say, “I meant to do that,” I totally believe you.
When you’re not afraid to be yourself is when you’re most incredible.
Colors seem brighter when you’re around.
That thing you don’t like about yourself is what makes you so interesting.
You’re wonderful.
You’re one of a kind!
You’re inspiring.
Our community is better because you’re in it.
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you’ve got their back.
You have the best ideas.
You always know how to find that silver lining.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes, but you always get back up and keep going.
You’re a candle in the darkness.
You’re a great example to others.
Being around you is like being on a happy little vacation.
You always know just what to say.
You’re always learning new things and trying to better yourself, which is awesome.
You could survive a Zombie apocalypse.
You’re more fun than bubble wrap.
You’re great at figuring stuff out.
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.
You’re like a breath of fresh air.
You’re gorgeous — and that’s the least interesting thing about you, too.
You’re so thoughtful.
Your creative potential seems limitless.
Actions speak louder than words, and yours tell an incredible story.
When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way.
You seem to really know who you are.
Any team would be lucky to have you on it.
In high school I bet you were voted “most likely to keep being awesome.”
I bet you do the crossword puzzle in ink.
You’re someone’s reason to smile.
You’re even better than a unicorn, because you’re real.
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have a good head on your shoulders.
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
The way you treasure your loved ones is incredible.
You’re really something special.
You’re a gift to those around you